{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f152\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f153\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f155\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f156\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f157\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f158\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f159\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f13\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f13\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}}{\info
{\title Matching Algorithm for finding \'93Best Match\'94 between expected and found attributes}{\author jeff_shergalis}{\operator jeff_shergalis}{\creatim\yr2009\mo3\dy10\hr8\min44}{\revtim\yr2009\mo3\dy10\hr8\min44}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}
{\nofwords461}{\nofchars2629}{\*\company extract_systems}{\nofcharsws3228}{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1
\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f13\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs36 
Matching Algorithm for finding \'93Best Match\'94 between expected and found attributes
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f0\fs24 
\par In order to find the \'93best match\'94 between an expected attribute and a found attribute we first compute the \'93score\'94 for all possible matches:
\par Expected Set \{A, B, C \}  Found\{1, 2\} all scores will be computed and return a new set Scores\{(A, 1, 10), (A, 2, -3), (B, 1, 8), (B, 2, 11), (C, 1, -5), (C, 2, -1)\}
\par 
\par Once all possible scores are computed we sort the collection of scores from highest score to lowest (scores that are the s
ame are sorted based on if they line up horizontally when looking at the list of expected and found in a two column table, and if neither lines up horizontally then the one with the lower index comes first, see Sort Example)
\par Scores\{(B, 2, 11), (A, 1, 10), (B, 1, 8), (C, 2, -1), (A, 2, -3), (C, 1, -5)\}
\par 
\par The best match will be the first item in the sorted list.  We will use this pair (Expected B and Found 2) to perform the attribute comparison (gathering the statistics as we compare).  Once we have completed 
the comparison for these attributes we need to remove this attributes from the list (we also need to remove any score pair that involves either used attribute (any pair that contains Expected B or Found 2) and resort.
\par Scores\{(A, 1, 10), (C, 1, -5)\}
\par 
\par We rep
eat the above steps once again, the best match is the top one in the list (Expected A and Found 1).  Any Found attribute that was not used in performing a match is an incorrectly found attribute (this means that we have found more attributes than were exp
e
cted). For our example case above there is no extra found attribute.  Any Expected attribute that was not used in performing a match is considered not found (it will be used to increment the count of expected items and the end statistics will show it as e
xpected and not found).
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 How to compute match score}{\f0\fs24 
\par A point is given for an attribute or sub-attribute match (match: Name|Value|Type are equal). 0 points are given for no match. \endash 1 points are given for a false positive (attribute matched but was not the bes
t match or was incorrectly found).  When there are two items that are possible matches only 1 will be the best match, the other will be marked as a false positive (NOTE: When an attribute is marked as false positive it will contribute \endash 
1 points for all sub-attributes as well, so if the attribute has 3 sub-attributes its false positive weighting will be a \endash 4) See the scoring example.
\par \line \line 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 Score Example}{\f0\fs24  (bold = matched, red = false positive, blue = not found):
\par Expected\tab \tab \tab Found\tab \tab \tab \tab Score
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 Test|N/A}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 Test|N/A}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab 3
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 .Component|PSA\tab \tab .Component|PSA}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab 1
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Flag|H}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Flag|H}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab 1
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Range|0.0-4.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf6 ..Range|0.0-4.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab -1 (false positive)
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 ...Min|0.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf6 ...Min|0.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab -1
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 ...Max|4.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf6 ...SMax|4.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab -1
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Units|ng/ML}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Range|0.0-4.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab 1
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Value|5.2}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 ...Min|0.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab 1
\par }{\f0\fs24\cf2 ..Status|Bad}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 ...Max|4.0}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab 1
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf6 ..Status|Good}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab -1 (false positive)
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Units|ng/ML}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab 1
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f0\fs24 ..Value|5.2}{\f0\fs24 \tab \tab \tab 1
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\fs24 Sorting Example}{\f0\fs24 
\par Expected\tab \tab Found
\par A\tab \tab \tab 1
\par B\tab \tab \tab 2
\par C\tab \tab \tab 3
\par 
\par Scores:
\par (A, 1, -3), (A, 2, 15), (A, 3, 11), (B, 1, 2), (B, 2, 15), (B, 3, 3),
\par (C, 1, -3), (C, 2, 15), (C, 3, 11)
\par 
\par Sorted:
\par (B, 2, 15), (A, 2, 15), (C, 2, 15), (C, 3, 11), (A, 3, 11), (B, 3, 3)
\par (B, 1, 2), (A, 1, -3), (C, 1, -3)
\par }}